Update upgrade-dbt-version-in-cloud.md (#7599)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/release-notes.md

## June 2025

> - **New**: The dbt Fusion engine supports the BigQuery adapter in beta.

Reviewer: To keep it consistent with the language elsewhere but maybe we should say adapter everywhere as that seems a little more fitting
```suggestion
- **New**: The dbt Fusion engine supports the BigQuery data warehouse in beta.
```

> - **New**: The dbt Fusion engine supports the BigQuery adapter in beta.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Beta**: The dbt Fusion engine supports the BigQuery adapter in beta.
```
